Yes, this page is long, but it is important to read it in its entirety, 
otherwise you might act against course policies, which could have serious 
consequences.
Please come to lectures; you'll learn something.
Please come to, and participate in, your assigned precept; it's the best
way to be prepared for the assignments. (Also, we take attendance.)
Use Ed Discussion to get answers to your questions and help answer 
others' questions, but you may not reveal anything about your assignment
 solutions there.
You may e-mail your own preceptor with questions that are not 
appropriate for Ed. See Electronic Communication for more.
Do not plagiarize assignment solutions! We (and the University) take 
this very seriously. Please read the policy on Assignment Conduct 
carefully, but, in short, when doing assignments, use only authorized 
sources of information: course instructors, Intro Lab TAs in the Intro 
COS Lab, course texts and handouts; always acknowledge all your sources.
We encourage you to listen attentively to the lectures, but also 
participate actively by asking helpful questions occasionally, answering
 questions occasionally, and so forth. Your lecture attendance and 
 participation are important to your success in the course and to the 
 success of the course as a whole. Lecture participation may be 
 partially measured using responses to iClicker questions. You must 
 only submit your own iClicker responses — it is a violation of 
 course policy to submit for someone else's iClicker, or to ask 
 someone to answer questions using your iClicker.
Some of the material covered in lectures is not covered in the 
textbooks or precepts. Some exam questions may reward your lecture 
attendance.
We urge you to attend the precepts! We also encourage you to 
participate actively in the precepts by listening attentively and 
expressively, asking helpful questions occasionally, answering 
questions occasionally, and so forth. Your precept attendance and 
participation are important to your success in the course. They also 
are important to the success of the course as a whole, and so will be 
components of your participation grade.
Some of the material covered in precepts is not covered in the 
textbooks or lectures.
You should attend your precept, that is, the precept for which you 
are registered in Princeton's TigerHub system.
Concerning attending another precept instead of your precept:
Generally it is not acceptable to attend another precept instead of 
your precept consistently. Your participation grade will suffer if you 
do not participate in your precept. However, it is acceptable to attend 
another precept instead of your precept occasionally if a conflict with 
your precept arises. (Indeed you should do so.) In that case, as soon 
as you become aware of the conflict, send e-mail to your preceptor and 
the other preceptor. The other preceptor thereby will know to duplicate 
handouts for you, make sure you have a seat, etc. Note that this 
mechanism is intended to address occasional conflicts; it does not 
provide license to attend precepts other than your precept on a regular 
basis.
Concerning attending another precept in addition to your precept:
Generally it is not acceptable to attend another precept in addition 
to your precept consistently. After all, if even a small fraction of 
the course's students did that routinely, then some precepts would 
be very large (or even overflow) routinely. Precepts containing a 
large number of students are less effective than those containing a 
small number. However, it could be acceptable to attend another
precept in addition to your own occasionally. In that case, send 
e-mail to your preceptor and the other preceptor the day before the
precept, asking permission to attend. The preceptors then will make
the decision.
These are the course's policies concerning electronic communication:
If you have a question that you can express without revealing any of 
your assignment solution, then you may post it to the course's Ed 
Discussion forum. One of the course's instructors will respond as soon
as possible. Other students also are welcome to respond if they can 
do so without revealing any of their assignment solutions either.
If you have a question that you cannot express without revealing any 
of your assignment solution, then you may not post it to Ed. Instead 
you may e-mail it to your preceptor. See the course's General 
Information web page for the e-mail address of your preceptor. For a 
partnered assignment, you must include your partner and your partner's 
preceptor on your email.
If your preceptor does not answer your e-mailed question in a 
reasonable amount of time, then you may e-mail your question to all of
the course's instructors at cos217instructors@lists.cs.princeton.edu.
Any e-mail sent to that address will be received only by the course 
staff, not by students enrolled in the course. One of the course's 
instructors will answer your question as soon as possible. You may not 
e-mail questions directly to a preceptor other than your own.
In the context of electronic communication, the phrase "any of your 
assignment solution" includes:
The products that you create for the assignment, that is, your source 
code files (including comments), DFA files, Makefiles, readme files, 
etc. You may not show any of the products that you create for the 
assignment, modified versions of them, or any parts of them, on Ed.
Descriptions of those products in the form of pseudo-code, flow charts, 
outlines, diagrams, natural language prose, etc. You may not describe 
the products that you create for the assignment, or any parts of them, 
on Ed.
Design decisions that you make in the process of creating those 
products, that is, your decisions about how to express your program 
as files, your files as functions, your functions as statements, etc. 
You may not describe your design decisions or suggest design decisions 
on Ed.

